**Rebuilt for the Modern Web**
Eclipse's codebase has now been completely rebuilt for the modern web, using ES6 technologies. The UI should feel snappier, and should load faster too. Under the hood improvements also allow for us to add new cores with relative ease.

**More Robust Sorting**
Game sorting should be easy and quick, so we made it that way. In the Library view there's a new sort button. You can sort by name, system, or recently added. You can also opt to choose a list view, instead of a card view.

**Cheats**
You can now use cheats in supported cores (such as the NES). To add cheats, right click/tap hold on a game object, and go to the cheats menu (if it isn't there, cheats aren't supported).

**Saves Management**
Ever wanted to restart a game without resetting Eclipse completely? Well, we finally implimented a way to fix that problem. You can now import and export individual save games for use later. In order to use this feature, you have to play the game first, just so we know which game to tie the data to.

**Dark Mode**
On iOS 13 and macOS Mojave, Eclipse will automatically switch to a new dark interface when Dark Mode is enabled on your device. No need to switch themes!


**Controls Updates**
We've recognized the abysmal touch-controls of the older Eclipse versions, and significantly improved them. Controls no longer get stuck, and are larger too. 
In addition to that, we've added support for controllers! You can now play games with controllers, [browser permitting](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Gamepad_API/Using_the_Gamepad_API), just connect your controller and go to settings. You should see your it listed under the contols section, and from there you can bind controls easily.

**For Repo Creators**
We've created a new repo format that is significantly more semantic; it removes redundancy and creates a simple format. You can still use the old format just fine, but we recommend that repos be made with the new format.

**...and so much more!**
We've made a lot of improvements to the user experience that make Eclipse 2.1 the best version yet. 